---
created: 2023-01-28 18:21
---
tags:: [[+Session Log]]

# Saturday, January 28, 2023

---
# 🥷Players
- [[Oscar Freeloader]]
- [[Zuriel]]
- [[D'kar]]
- [[Cl4nk]]
- [[Arc]]
- [[Iris]]

---
# 📝 Notes

- It got cold overnight  - deluged and drenched when the rain came in.  Everyone is miserable and cold.   We'll be stopping at the next town, and there are several rooms reserved at the inn.
- Caravan Workers aren't allowed to sleep in the inn.  We have the option to sleep in the stables and have access to the bathhouses and town stuff.  Apparently, the stables are already fulll, so they're no longer an option.
- [[Oscar Freeloader]] stayed back with the caravan to watch over things.
- [[Iris]] - Fought with innkeeper person about where her animals will be staying
- [[D'kar]] - Woke up in a pile of hay in the inn.  Think he's been there for a few days.
- [[Iris]] recognizes [[D'kar]] and vice versa.
- [[Iris]] was talking to a horse in the stable.  She was taking care of animals while everyone else went inside the tavern / inn to get food.
- There was a dinner period where everyone was sitting around chatting and doing introductions.  The sun has set. 
- [[Iris]] and [[Zuriel]] had a conversation in Druidic.  [[Zuriel]] was introduced to [[D'kar]] during dinner.  [[Zuriel]] asks about the conversation that [[Iris]] was having with the animals.
- Anyone in the courtyard was asked to do a perception check.  You see the seneshall let the horses run in a circle, then walks towards the two lackeyes, and argues with them.  (Insight check) - [DC 10] Knows that the seneshall will not argue with the judges compatriots.   
- Seneshall approaches [[Iris]] - offeres opportunity to watch hores for a single silver while he partakes at the tavern / inn.  Also asks her to clean the horse stalls, feed and brush the horses, etc.  Said he'll return in an hour.  Very important that no one else enter the stable.  If anyone else does, the reprecussions will come down on [[Iris]].
- [[Cl4nk]] attempts to grab the Senechalls belt from around his robe.  Nothing was there where it should have been. Senechall heads inside with his lackeyes.  Kitchen door is left somewhat open.
- [[Zuriel]] asks [[Iris]] if they intend to cause trouble.  While cleaning the stalls, [[Iris]] realizes these aren't "noble steeds", but more like work or war horses. Horses are bored and looking for a fight.  So, then seneshall and judges are probably normal adventurers, and not any royalty or nobility as they pretend to be.
- Seneshall comes outside wanting throw blows.  Judge wanted to thow "the fiends" out.  Horse says "finally".  Apparently, they were watching the group outside and were actually looking for a fight.
- **ROLL FOR INITIATIVE**
	- [[Cl4nk]], [[D'kar]], [[Iris]], [[Zuriel]], [[Arc]], - Seneshall sits to the side, takes out a beer, and starts drinking.  Judge and they lackeys are running towards [[Iris]] and [[Zuriel]]

---
# ☑️ Quests
- [ ] ...




